Update Readme.md (#1)
KseniyaKuzmina/how-to-custom-draw-a-crosshair-cursor-e4385: Readme.md

* [CrosshairOptions.ShowArgumentLine](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.CrosshairOptions.ShowArgumentLine?p=netframework)
* [CrosshairOptions.ShowValueLabels](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.CrosshairOptions.ShowValueLabels?p=netframework)
* [CrosshairOptions.ShowValueLine](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.CrosshairOptionsBase.ShowValueLine?p=netframework)

## Files to Look At

* [MainWindow.xaml](./CS/CrosshairCustomDraw/MainWindow.xaml) (VB: [MainWindow.xaml](./VB/CrosshairCustomDraw/MainWindow.xaml))
* [MainWindow.xaml.cs](./CS/CrosshairCustomDraw/MainWindow.xaml.cs) (VB: [MainWindow.xaml.vb](./VB/CrosshairCustomDraw/MainWindow.xaml.vb))

## Documentation

* [Crosshair Cursor](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/14682/controls-and-libraries/charts-suite/chart-control/tooltip-and-crosshair-cursor/crosshair-cursor?p=netframework)

## More Examples

* [How to: show the Crosshair Cursor programmatically](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-show-the-crosshair-cursor-programmatically-t466164)

> * [How to format values in a crosshair cursor via a label's patterns](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-format-values-in-a-crosshair-cursor-via-a-labels-patterns-e4478)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to format values in a crosshair cursor with label patterns](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-format-values-in-a-crosshair-cursor-via-a-labels-patterns-e4478)
```

* [How to customize the appearance of crosshair axis labels](https://github.com/DevExpress-Exampleshow-to-customize-the-appearance-of-crosshair-axis-labels-e4074)

> * [How to customize the Crosshair Label appearance](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-customize-the-crosshair-label-appearance-t478135)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to customize Crosshair Label appearance](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-customize-the-crosshair-label-appearance-t478135)
```
